
== Biography ==

Sarah was born on 27 February 1885 at 21 Frances Street, South Stockton, Yorkshire.  Her father was a Clerk called Edward Fisher and her mother was born Fanny Amis but was married to a Fisher before she married Edward.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' ( https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=G2%2FK5z%2BgxEV93WhfhhIyCQ&scan=1 : 29-Jan-2023),
Sarah Jane Fisher, 1885, quarter 2, vol. 9d, p. 628, Middlesbrough, Yorkshire, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

She married [[Callender-617|Christopher James Callender (1873-1965)]] by licence at the register office in Stockton-on-Tees. She was 24 years old without an occupation. He was a 35 year old bachelor working as a General Labourer.  They were both living at 44 Norfolk Street, Stockton-on-Tees at the time of their marriage.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=7TJXdfSleJBjTAS5ZoYVRw&scan=1 : 29-Jan-2023),
Sarah Jane Fisher, 1909, quarter 3, district. Stockton, vol. 10a, p. 181,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

Sarah  died on 1 June 1952 whilst living at 48 Hind Street, Stockton-on-Tees. She was 67 years old and described as the wife of Christopher James Callender who was a Ship Platers Helper.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=lk%2BgLGeTB9D2bp4HigMYTw&scan=1 : 29-Jan-2023),
Sarah J Callender, Age. 67, 1952, quarter. 2, district. Durham S E, Vol. 1a, Page. 537;
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

== Sources ==
<references />