[[Category:Jewish Roots]]
== Biography ==

Alex was born on 6 December 1887 at 2 Booth Street Buildings in Spitalfields, London.  His birth certificate gives his parents as [[Solomons-288|Jacob Solomons]] and [[Levinson-273|Hannah Levinson]].  Jacob is a Tailor and the surname of Hannah is spelt "Levyson", and it was Hannah who registered his birth on 11 Januaty 1888.  She left her mark, so couldn't have been able to write English. Alec was their fourth child and the third and last son for Jacob and Hannah.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=LllfR50ZtrbFDxzi59SMjA&scan=1 : 18-Nov-2022),
Alec Solomons, 1888, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 315, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref> 

The family were still living in Booth Street Buildings when his sister, [[Solomons-291 | Kitty]], was born on 24 December 1889.  The 1891 England Census also shows the family living at 31 & 32 Booth Street Buildings.  Looking through all the pages of the 1891 Census that include a Booth Street Buildings address, it is apparent there are three buildings and number 31 & 32 were in Building 2.  This explains why the birth certificates for Alex and his siblings have an address of 2 Booth Street Buildings.<ref>
'''"1891 England Census,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:31G1-QN2 : 22-Feb-2021),
Aleck Solomons in household of Jacob Solomons, Spitalfields, London, England, United Kingdom; 
citing PRO RG 12, London county, subdistrict, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref>

Another sister, [[Solomons-292 | Rachel]], was born on 25 December 1891, also at Booth Street Buildings.  However, by the 15 February 1893 they had moved to 357 Flower & Dean Street because Jacob registerred Alex and Kitty at Chicksand Street School, Whitechapel on that date.  Alex was 5 years old and Kitty was 3 years old.<ref>
'''"London, England, School Admissions and Discharges, 1840-1911,"''' database with images, ''Ancestry.co.uk'' ( https://www.ancestry.co.uk/discoveryui-content/view/10031565:1938 : 18-Nov-2022) > Tower Hamlets > Chicksand Street School > Admission and Discharge Register for Infants,
Admission No. 1939, Date. 16/2/93, Name in Full. Alex Solomons, Parent. jacob, Address. 357 Flower & Dean St;
citing "London Metropolitan Archives; London, England; School Admission and Discharge Registers; Reference: LCC/EO/DIV05/CHI/AD/006"
</ref> The family had spent 8 or 9 years living at Booth Street Buildings and must have moved out sometime after Rachel was born on 25 December 1891 and 15 February 1893 when Alex and Kitty began at Chicksand School.  They were to move more frequently over the next few years.

His fourth sister, [[Solomons-293 | Dinah]], was born on 23 July 1894 at Heneage Street and his fifth and last sister, [[Solomons-294 |Rebecca]], was born on 29 April 1897 at 22 Thomas Street.  His father, [[Solomons-288|Jacob]], died of Consumption on 5 June 1898 at 22 Thomas Street.

Three years later and Alec can be found living with the family at 59 Nelson Street, Mile End Old Town. His brother, [[Solomons-267 | Louis]] is the only one of his siblings not listed.<ref>
'''"1901 England Census,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:X9C7-8T1 : 7-Dec-2022),
Alec Solomon in household of Hannah Solomon, Mile End Old Town Holy Trinity, Middlesex, England, United Kingdom; 
citing Mile End Old Town Western subdistrict, PRO RG 13, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref>

He married Elizabeth Annie Smith by certificate at the Register Office in Bethnal Green on 4 October 1907.  He was living at 70 Canrobert Street, Bethnal Green at the time and his occupation was as a Commercial Traveller.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=ez0mINCUeyNdqP4AUhbq7A&scan=1 : 18-Nov-2022),
Alexander Solomons, 1907, quarter 4, district. Bethnal green, vol. 1c, p. 426,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>.

Alex is not living with his mother in the 1911 Census, but there is a woman listed as her daughter-in-law on the census, and her name appears to be Cissie or Lizzie, both of which could be short for Elizabeth.  Louis married in 1910 and appears with his wife on the 1911 Census.  Hyman didn't marry until 1918.  The daughter-in-law living with his mother must be his Elizabeth.  The only Alexander Solomons found on the 1911 Census is serving time as an inmate of Wormwood Scrubs.  He is listed as a Tailor, who is married and of the right age.<ref>
'''"1911 England Census,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:XWG1-BGF : 7-Dec-2022),
Cissie Solomons in household of Hannah Solomons, 1 Regal Place, Whitechapel, London, England, United Kingdom; 
citing PRO RG 14, Hammersmith, subdistrict, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref><ref>
'''"1911 England Census,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:XWLD-QZY : 7-Dec-2022),
Alexander Solomons in Wormwood Scrubs prison as an inmate, Hammersmith, London, England, United Kingdom; 
citing PRO RG 14, Hammersmith, subdistrict, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref>

Alex joined the british army, and although his registration is not available, a number of documents provide information about his service. He was originally enlisted as a private into the 17th London Rifles with a regimental number of 577255.  At some point he was transferred to the 10th Batallian of the Royal Dublin Fusiliers with a regimental number of 43440.  He was awarded the Victory medal and the British medal.  The record shows there was a request made to dispose of his medals dated on 18-Dec-1922.<ref>
'''"UK, British Army World War I Medal Rolls Index Cards, 1914-1920,"''', database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/imageviewer/collections/1262/images/30850_A001460-00876?pId=5067701 : 18-Nov-2022),
A-Z > Smith-Strong > Solizbery, S S-Soper, Horace > Alexdr Solomons, Regimental Numbers. 577255, 43440
citing The Western Front Association
</ref>

His army pension card shows he was killed in action on 28 April 1917 and his pension was claimed by his mother, Hannah Solomons.<ref>
'''"UK, WWI Pension Ledgers and Index cards, 1914-1923."''', database with images, ''Fold3'' (https://www.fold3.com/image/645676848 : 18-Nov-2022),
Full Name: Solomons, Alexander, Reference Number: 724/11PP. Document Number: 11/PP/11960/D/60
citing The Western Front Association
</ref>.  This begs a question about what happened to his spouse.

He is remembered in Volume Eight of "Ireland's Memorial Records 1914 - 1918".  His entry is on page 37 and says: "SOLOMONS, ALEXANDER. Reg. No. 43440. Rank, Private, Royal Dublin Fusiliers, 10th Batt.; killed in action, France, April 28, 1917; born St. Mary's, London.  There are three other Solomons on that page.<ref>
'''"Ireland, World War 1 Casualties, 1914-1922"''', database with images ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/discoveryui-content/view/45348:1633  : 18-Nov-2022),
8 (Sma To Zig), physical page number 37, Solomons, Alexander
</ref>.  He is also in the British Jewry Book of Honour where his home address is listed at 1, Regal Place, London, E.<ref>
'''"British Jewry Book of Honour"''', database with images, ''Fold3'' (https://www.fold3.com/image/537878565?xid=1022&_gl=1*w3nzjt*_ga*NjgyNjkzNTcuMTY2NTUxNzI2Nw..*_ga_4QT8FMEX30*MTY2ODgwODQyNi4xMy4xLjE2Njg4MTI2NjYuMTEuMC4w : 18-Nov-2022),
Physical Page: 119, Digital Page: 151, No: 43440, Rank: Pte, Name: Solomons A
citing Reverend Michael Adler, Caxton Publishing Company
</ref>. Alexander does not have a grave, but his name can be found in Bay 9 of the Arras Memorial in France.<ref>
'''"Commonwealth War Graves Commission"''', database with images, ''Commonwealth war graves commission'' (https://www.cwgc.org/find-records/find-war-dead/casualty-details/1653990/alexander-solomons/ : 18-Nov-2022),
name: Private Alexander Solomons, Service Number: 43440, Bay: 9, Arras Memorial, Arras, France
citing Commonwealth War Graves Commission
</ref>

== Research Notes ==
There isn't enough evidence to be certain the Alexander Solomons on the 1911 Census who is in Wormwood Scrubs is this Alexander Solomons.  However his wife does appear to be living with his mother on the 1911 census at 1 Regal Place.  Since Alex isn't with her, he must be somewhere else and that is what makes Alexander Solomons in Wormwood Scrubs a candidate.  More evidence is required to be able to say Alex was in prison in 1911.

There are additional pieces of information related to the events leading up to his death in the shape of War Diaries, and also information about the 10th Battalion, Royal Dublin Fusiliers.

On a related matter, mystery surrounds what happened to Elizabeth because his mother Hannah is the benefactor for his pension.  A record of her death has not been found.

== Sources ==
<references />