
== Biography ==

Christopher was born on 29 November 1973 at 14 High Street, Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham.  His father was a Butcher called George Callender and his mother was born Annie Anderson.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' ( https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=BpgiUlTUPV7DNe5auTg%2BxA&scan=1 : 29-Jan-2023),
Christopher James Callender, 1874, quarter 1, vol. 10a, p. 117, Stockton, County Durham, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

He married [[Fisher-29266|Sarah Jane (Fisher) Callender (1885-1952)]] by licence at the register office in Stockton-on-Tees. He was a 35 year old bachelor working as a General Labourer.  She was 24 years old without an occupation.  They were both living at 44 Norfolk Street, Stockton-on-Tees at the time of their marriage.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=rItf05Oh6DW16FSUY%2BxgqQ&scan=1 : 29-Jan-2023),
Christopher James Callender, 1909, quarter 3, district. Stockton, vol. 10a, p. 181,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

Christopher died on 26 January 1965 whilst living at 13 Raby Road, Stockton-on-Tees, which was the home of his eldest son, Angus Callender. He was 91 years old and his occupation is described as a retired Platers Labourer.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=zLSbFE5hAUHbIhUP1mI1VQ&scan=1 : 29-Jan-2023),
Christopher J Callender, Age. 91, 1965, quarter. 1, district. Durham S E, Vol. 1a, Page. 686;
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref> 

== Sources ==
<references />