[[Solomons-293 | Dinah Solomons]]

<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=rbdAEQ0hvE1zZB8T4OH0xQ&scan=1 : 18-Nov-2022),
Dinah Solomons, 1894, quarter 3, vol. 1C, p. 267, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"London, England, School Admissions and Discharges, 1840-1911,"''' database with images, ''Ancestry.co.uk'' ( https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/1938/ : 29-Dec-2022) > Tower Hamlets > Smith Street School > Admission and Discharge Register for Infants,
Admission No. 546, Date. 11/06/1900, Name in Full. Dinah Solomons, Parent. Hannah, Address. 21 Block A Step B.;
citing "London Metropolitan Archives; London, England; School Admission and Discharge Registers; Reference: LCC/EO/DIV05/SMI/AD/001"
</ref>

<ref>
'''"London, England, School Admissions and Discharges, 1840-1911,"''' database with images, ''Ancestry.co.uk'' ( https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/1938/ : 29-Dec-2022) > Tower Hamlets > Deal Street School > Admission and Discharge Register for Infants,
Admission No. 1283, Date. 22/08/1898, Name in Full. Dinah Solomons, Parent. Hannah Solomons, Address. 22 Thomas Street;
citing "London Metropolitan Archives; London, England; School Admission and Discharge Registers; Reference: LCC/EO/DIV05/DEA/AD/004"
</ref>

----------

<ref name="MC1">
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''' database with images, FreeBMD (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=4F2o8ftVhssbd3U8VzQUQA&scan=1 : 7 November 2022), 
citing Dinah SOLOMONS, Spouse. ABRAHAMS, 1914, quarter 4, vol. 1C, p. 676, Mile End, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref name="DC1">
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''' database with images, FreeBMD (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=402N4ByfitHiZ76qQ2CyOQ&scan=1 : 22 November 2022),
Dinah ABRAHAMS, 1978, quarter. 3, vol. 15, p. 0195, Stepney, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>
<ref name="BUR1">
'''"United Synagogue find a grave"''' database with images (https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave) (accessed 12 Nov 22)
citing cemetery. Waltham Abbey, first name. Dinah, last name. Abrahams, year of burial. 1978
(burial. 28-Jul-1978, section. 17, row. R, plot. 477)
</ref>