[[Category:Jewish Roots]]
== Biography ==

Hannah came to England in the 1880s from somewhere in Eastern Europe, which may have been Russia or Prussia. She was very special to her great grandaughter [[Schemerofsky-1 |jacqueline (Schemerofsky) Callender]]. Hannah died in 1937 whilst holding the hand of the eight year old Jacqueline in a room in the house where they both lived at 1 Regal Place, Old Montague Street in Whitechapel, London.<ref name="CONVO-JC">
'''[[Callender-401 | Barrie Callender]] in conversation with his mother and Hannah's great granddaughter''': [[Schemerofsky-1 |jacqueline (Schemerofsky) Callender]] also known as Jacqueline Morris. Took place over 30 years and some notes made.
</ref>.

Hannah and [[Solomons-288 | Jacob Solomons]] may have been married in London, but it is not known for sure.  If this was the case, then a likely candidate for their marriage was one that took place on 29 December 1880 at the Princess Street Synagogue.
{|class="wikitable" style="margin:auto"
|+ Marriage Certificate for Hannah Levison and Jacob Solomons
|-
! When Married !! Name and Surnames !! Age !! Condition !! Rank or Profession !!  Residence !! Father's Name !! Father's Occupation
|-
|Twenty ninth || Jacob Solomons || 22 yrs || Bachelor||Journeyman Tailor || 6 Sandy's Row ||Solomon Solomons ||Dealer
|-
|December 1880 ||Annie Levison || 21 yrs || Spinster|| &nbsp; || 6 Sandy's Row ||Jacob Levison ||Cap Maker
|}<ref name="MC1">
'''"GRO Marriage Indexes"''' database with images,’’FreeBMD’’ (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=otMztl0kG1tiU4xkUVI2aw&scan=1: downloaded 17 June 2020), ‘’’citing “GRO Marriage Index, Name: Levison, Annie; Year 1880; Quarter: Q4, District: London C; Vol: 1c; Page: 169
</ref>
The name of the bride is "Annie" not Hannah, but there is a Census we will see later on where this is also the case.  The other difference is the ages of Bride and Groom, but this could be a guess by the register, as both had signed the marriage certificate using an X and so could not write or speak english.

The next record which could be them is at 8 Little Patternoster Row according to the England and Wales Census of 1881<ref name="1881Census">
'''"England and Wales Census, 1881"''' database with images, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:Q27S-F61B : 8 December 2017), Hannah Solomons in household of Jacob Solomons, Spitalfields, London,Middlesex, England; from "1881 England, Scotland and Wales Census," database and images, findmypast (http://www.findmypast.com : n.d.); citing p. 31, Piece/Folio 437/19, The National Archives, Kew, Surrey; FHL microfilm 101,774,264.
</ref>.  Here we find a married couple called Jacob and Hannah Solomons with the same ages as was on the earlier Marriage Certificate.  The birth place for both is Poland and Jacob is a Tailor and Hannah a Tailoress.

The houses in Little Patternoster Row were very small and they backed onto Crispin Street.  Jacob and Hannah's first child was born in 12 Little Patternoster Row, whilst they were living at 13 Crispen Street.  This house was north of Little Patternoster Row under what is now Spitalfields Market (2022).  There is the possibility of Hannah giving birth in the home of someone she new from her time living in Little Patternoster Row.  The birth certificate of their first child, [[Solomons-287 | Esther Solomons]] associates the family with Little Patternoster Row, though doesn't prove they ever lived there<ref name="BC1">
'''”GRO Birth Indexes”''' database with images, “FreeBMD” (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=VOH4tMtN23wI%2BiB86Nd4fw&scan=1: downloaded 17 June 2020), ‘’’citing “GRO Birth Index, Name: Solomons, Esther; Year: 1881; Quarter: Q4; District: Whitechapel; Vol: 1c; Page: 315
</ref>.

The father on Esther's birth certificate is a Tailor called Jacob Solomons and her mother is listed as Hannah Solomons, formerly Levinson.  Her birth was registered over a month later on 29 October 1881.  There is the possibility the family was living in Little Patternoster Row and moved soon after Esther was born, but before her birth was registered.

Hannah's second child was a boy called Hyman.  He was born on 13 June 1883 in 2 New Buildings, Booth Street.<ref name="BC2">
'''”GRO Birth Indexes”''' database with images, “FreeBMD” (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=Mg1fieWatS8YrNOZje8OmQ&scan=1: downloaded 17 June 2020), ‘’’citing “GRO Birth Index, Name: Solomons, Hyman; Year: 1883; Quarter: Q3; District: Whitechapel; Vol: 1c; Page: 310
</ref>, and was the first of five of their children born in 2 Booth Street Buildings.

The second was a son called [[Solomons-267 | Louis Solomons]] but spelled Lewis on his birth certificate<ref name="BC3">
'''”GRO Birth Indexes”''' database with images, “FreeBMD” (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=sQtWVrVXguBIeRIe30grBg&scan=1: downloaded 18 June 2020), ‘’’citing “GRO Birth Index, Name: Solomons, Lewis; Year: 1886; Quarter: Q1; District: Whitechapel; Vol: 1c; Page: 336
</ref>. 

Their third and last son, [[Solomons-290 | Alexander]] was born there on 6 December 1887<ref name="BC4">
'''”GRO Birth Indexes”''' database with images, “FreeBMD” (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=LllfR50ZtrbFDxzi59SMjA&scan=1 : downloaded 9 July 2019), ‘’’citing “GRO Birth Index, Name: Solomons, Alec; Year: 1888; Quarter: Q1; District: Whitechapel; Vol: 1c; Page: 315
</ref>.

Their second daughter, Kitty was born on 24 December 1889<ref name="BC5">
'''”GRO Birth Indexes”''' database with images, “FreeBMD” (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=xtfu7cknCJjGB3tAqhcwxw&scan=1 : downloaded 19 June 2020), ‘’’citing “GRO Birth Index, Name: Solomons, Kitty; Year: 1890; Quarter: Q1; District: Whitechapel; Vol: 1c; Page: 311
</ref>, and the last to be born in 2 Booth Street Buildings was their third daughter, Rachel on 25 December 1894<ref name="BC6">
'''”GRO Birth Indexes”''' database with images, “FreeBMD” (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=YSXfiDCPQOuXSnBeMNfw7A&scan=1 : downloaded 23 October 2019), ‘’’citing “GRO Birth Index, Name: Solomons, Rachel; Year: 1892; Quarter: Q1; District: Whitechapel; Vol: 1c; Page: 312
</ref>.

Hannah died on 4 January 1937. <ref name="Death Certificate"> SOLOMONS, Hannah. Death Index.  (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=MULqsg6H0XTKBJC%2B9gBcBA&scan=1) FreeBMD.org; database online. Citing: SOLOMONS,Hannah Deaths: 1937, Mar Quarter, Stepney, Vol. 1c Page 201. (accessed 9 Nov 2022)</ref> and her burial took place on 6 January 1937 in East Ham Cemetery, Section V, Row 10, Plot # 655. <ref name="Burial">SOLOMONS, Hannah. Burial Index.  United Synagogues Search: https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave. Cemetery: East Ham, First Name: Hannah, Last Name: Solomons, Year of Burial: 1937.  (Accessed 12 Nov 22)</ref> 

== Sources ==
<references />