[[Levinson-273 | Hannah (Levinson) Solomons]]

<ref name="INT-JC">
'''"Interviews"''', notes and memory, ''Barrie Callender'' (unpublished : 1973 to 2002),
citing Barrie Callender (me) personal notes and memory of interviews with his mother
</ref>

<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=cyIeknV%2FiPblGfZoS4f%2BUw&scan=1 : 13-Dec-2014),
Annie Levison, 1880, quarter 4, district. London City, vol. 1c, p. 169,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"England and Wales Census, 1881,"''' database with images, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:Q27S-F6BY : 8 December 2017),
Hannah Solomons in household of Jacob Solomons, 8 Little Patternoster Row, Spitalfields, London, Middlesex, England;
citing p. 31, Piece/Folio 437/19, The National Archives, Kew, Surrey; FHL microfilm 101,774,264.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"England and Wales Census, 1891,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:31P8-T3Z : 22-Feb-2021),
Annie Solomons in household of Jacob Solomons, Spitalfields, London, England, United Kingdom; 
citing PRO RG 12, p. 12, Piece/Folio. 276/49, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"1901 England Census,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:X9C7-8T1 : 7-Dec-2022),
Hannah Solomon as head of household , Mile End Old Town Holy Trinity, Middlesex, England, United Kingdom; 
citing Mile End Old Town Western subdistrict, PRO RG 13, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"1911 England Census,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:XWG1-BGF : 7-Dec-2022),
Hannah Solomons as head of household, 1 Regal Place, Whitechapel, London, England, United Kingdom; 
citing PRO RG 14, Hammersmith, subdistrict, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref>


<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=MULqsg6H0XTKBJC%2B9gBcBA&scan=1 : 31-Dec-2014),
Hannah Solomons, Age. 74, 1937, quarter 1, district. Steney, vol. 1c, p. 201;
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"Jewish Chronicle Archive,"''', database with images, ''JC Archive'' (https://archive.thejc.com/ : 29-Dec-2022),
Edition. 8 January 1937, Page. 2, Column. 3, Title. "Solomons";
citing Jewish Chronicle Archives.
</ref>
SOLOMONS. - On Monday, the 4th of January, Hannah Solomons in her 76th year.  Deeply mourned by her devoted son Louis, daughter-in-law and grandchildren.  May her dear soul rest in everlasting peace. Shiva at 31, Newnham Street, Aldgate E1

<ref>
'''"United Synagogue find a grave"''' database with images (https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave) (accessed 12 Nov 22)
citing cemetery. East Ham, first name. Hannah, last name. Solomons, year of burial. 1937
(burial. 6-Jan-1937, section. V, row. 10, plot. 655)
</ref>