<ref name="Birth Certificate">
SCHEMEROFSKY, Jacqueline. GRO Birth Index. Name: SCHEMEROFSKY, Jacqueline, Mother's maiden name: LICHTENSTEIN, District: Bethnal Green, Volume:  1C, Page:  205. 
FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=KnxO6WC%2BY2Et2DKxOJKxzA&scan=1
</ref>  

<ref name="Convo JS">
Memories and notes taken whilst speaking with my mother, Jacqueline Callender over a 30 year period
</ref>

<ref name="ER 1929: 1 Regal Place">
London, England, Electoral registers, 1832 - 1965. 1 Regal Place, Parliamentary and Metropolitan Borough of Stepney, Whitechapel and St. George's Division, Polling District N. 
Ancestry.co.uk: https://www.ancestry.co.uk/imageviewer/collections/1795/images/40020_190888-00463?pId=66732732
</ref>

<ref name="ER 1930: 1 Regal Place">
London, England, Electoral registers, 1832 - 1965. 1 Regal Place, Parliamentary and Metropolitan Borough of Stepney, Whitechapel and St. George's Division, Polling District N.
Ancestry.co.uk: https://www.ancestry.co.uk/imageviewer/collections/1795/images/40020_190916-01070?pId=68750055
</ref>

<ref name="ER 1930: 56 Vallance Road">
London, England, Electoral registers, 1832 - 1965. 56 Vallance Road, Parliamentary and Metropolitan Borough of Stepney, Whitechapel and St. George's Division, Polling District N.
Ancestry.co.uk: https://www.ancestry.co.uk/imageviewer/collections/1795/images/40020_190916-01074?pId=68750055
</ref>

<ref name="directory vallance road">
London, England City Directories, 1736-1943.  Post Office London Directory 1931, Vallance Road, page 679.
Ancestry.co.uk: https://www.ancestry.co.uk/imageviewer/collections/61265/images/47056_263021009499_1492-00765
</ref>

<ref name="1939 Reg 141 Roseberry Road">
1939 Register.  141 Roseberry Road, Exmouth, Devon.  Reference: RG101/6819D/022/18.  Letter Code: WFKN.
</ref>

<ref name=”Marriage Certificate”>
MORRIS, Jacqueline. GRO Birth Index. Name: MORRIS, Jacqueline, Spouse: CALLENDER, District: PORTSMOUTH, Volume:  6B, Page:  1258.
FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=M5TLbCN5sPj%2BeATvLz1HwA&scan=1
</ref>. 

<ref name=”Death Certificate”>
CALLENDER, Jacqueline. GRO Birth Index. Name: CALLENDER, Jacqueline, Birth Year: 1928, District: Lichfield, Registered Q1\2004 Reg:  74C, Entry number:  37.
GRO Index database online: https://www.gro.gov.uk/gro/content/certificates/indexes_search.asp
</ref>



== Edit ==

== Biography ==

Jackie, as she was known, was born on 7 February 1928 at 3 Clarkson Street, Bethnal Green, London. Her birth certificate says her father, [[Schamrofsky-1 | Mark Schamrofsky aka Max Morris]] was a Hairdresser.<ref name="Birth Certificate">SCHEMEROFSKY, Jacqueline. GRO Birth Index. Name: SCHEMEROFSKY, Jacqueline, Mother's maiden name: LICHTENSTEIN, District: Bethnal Green, Volume:  1C, Page:  205. FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=KnxO6WC%2BY2Et2DKxOJKxzA&scan=1</ref>  

Slightly more than a month after she was born, Jackie's grandmother, [[Solomons-287 | Esther (SOLOMONS) Killas]] was brutally murdered in her home in Prince Rupert, British Colombia, Canada.  Jackie grew up believing her grandparents had died when she was very young or before she was born, but didn't know about the tragic circumstances surrounding her grandmother's death. Her grandfather, [[Lichtenstein-153 | Jack Lichtenstein aka Jack Stein]] lived until 1952 and they were never married, which is something else she didn't know.<ref name="Convo JS">Memories and notes taken whilst speaking with my mother, Jacqueline Callender over a 30 year period</ref>

Jackie believed her surname was MORRIS, that she lived in a Dairy that became a Milliners in Vallance Road, London and when her parents split up in about 1931 she moved to 1 Regal Place, Old Montague Street, London to live with her great grandmother, [[Levinson-273 | Hannah (LEVINSON) Solomons]], until Hannah died.<ref name="Convo JS" />

Her parents started to use the surname MORRIS and Mark used Max as his first name.<ref name="ER 1929: 1 Regal Place">London, England, Electoral registers, 1832 - 1965. 1 Regal Place, Parliamentary and Metropolitan Borough of Stepney, Whitechapel and St. George's Division, Polling District N. Ancestry.co.uk: https://www.ancestry.co.uk/imageviewer/collections/1795/images/40020_190888-00463?pId=66732732</ref><ref name="ER 1930: 1 Regal Place">London, England, Electoral registers, 1832 - 1965. 1 Regal Place, Parliamentary and Metropolitan Borough of Stepney, Whitechapel and St. George's Division, Polling District N. Ancestry.co.uk: https://www.ancestry.co.uk/imageviewer/collections/1795/images/40020_190916-01070?pId=68750055</ref>  Jackie always called her father Max.  Her parents were also registered at 56 Vallance Road in 1930<ref name="ER 1930: 56 Vallance Road">London, England, Electoral registers, 1832 - 1965. 56 Vallance Road, Parliamentary and Metropolitan Borough of Stepney, Whitechapel and St. George's Division, Polling District N. Ancestry.co.uk: https://www.ancestry.co.uk/imageviewer/collections/1795/images/40020_190916-01074?pId=68750055</ref>.  The Post Office London Directory of 1931 contains "56 Morris Mrs Eva, dairy" under Vallance Road.<ref name="directory vallance road">London, England City Directories, 1736-1943.  Post Office London Directory 1931, Vallance Road, page 679.  Ancestry.co.uk: https://www.ancestry.co.uk/imageviewer/collections/61265/images/47056_263021009499_1492-00765</ref>.  This provides some evidence to the places jackie lived as a child.

Eva inherited a sum of money following her mother's murder, and it was probably this that allowed her to acquire the shop at 56 Vallance Road.  The money didn't seem to last long and neither did the marriage of Mark and Eva.  This was probably related.  jackie tells a story of Max breaking into the Dairy through a window and stealing her soon after her parents separated around 1931.  She also says she moved into 1 Regal Place and lived with her great grandmother.  Her mother didn't live with Jackie who was brought up by her great grandmother just as she had done with Eva.<ref name="Convo JS" />

jackie recalls going to Victoria Park with Hannah Solomons and on a Saturday, Hannah would go up to Jewish boys and ask "bis di frum" and if they said no, she would get them to take Jackie out on the lake in a boat.<ref name="Convo JS" />

She loved Hannah dearly and often told of the night of 4th January 1937, when her and Hannah were alone in 1 Regal Place.  Hannah is sitting in an arm chair and jackie is holding and stroking her hand as they talk softly to each other.  Hannah drifts in and out of sleep and eventually she falls asleep for the last time and a little 8 year old girl is left alone in a house with her lifeless great grandmother, who was the whole world to her.<ref name="Convo JS" />

Jackie is not sure who she lives with once Hannah has died, but she described it as being "pushed from pillar to post".  At one place she stayed in a room with lots of stuffed birds which scared her quite profoundly.  So much so that we never had any bird ornaments or prints in the house.<ref name="Convo JS" />

Jackie was 11 when war broke out in 1939 and she was evacuated to Exmouth in Devon to live with a young newly wed woman named Winifred Huxtable at 141 Roseberry Road.  She was just 8 years older than Jackie.<ref name="1939 Reg 141 Roseberry Road">1939 Register.  141 Roseberry Road, Exmouth, Devon.  Reference: RG101/6819D/022/18.  Letter Code: WFKN.</ref>  Although we don't know when Jackie returned to London we do know it was before the end of the war because she was working as a waitress in Picadilly when it finished.<ref name="Convo JS" />

Jackie lodged in and around London and mentioned various places she lived, including Fulham, Gloucester Road and Sutton.  There were two places she frequently talked about.  One was when she lived with an aunt in Long Acre, near Covent Garden and another at 50 Colvestone Crescent in Dalston.  It turns out this was with the same aunt.<ref name="Convo JS" />  Her name is Abigail Bloomfield but it has proven very difficult to trace who she is or what kind of an aunt she was.  There is a photograph of her at Jackies wedding when she married [[Callender-429 | George Callender]] on 21 February 1959.<ref name=”Marriage Certificate”>MORRIS, Jacqueline. GRO Birth Index. Name: MORRIS, Jacqueline, Spouse: CALLENDER, District: PORTSMOUTH, Volume:  6B, Page:  1258. FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=M5TLbCN5sPj%2BeATvLz1HwA&scan=1</ref>. 


Jackie died on 27 February 2004.<ref name=”Death Certificate”>CALLENDER, Jacqueline. GRO Birth Index. Name: CALLENDER, Jacqueline, Birth Year: 1928, District: Lichfield, Registered Q1\2004 Reg:  74C, Entry number:  37. GRO Index database online: https://www.gro.gov.uk/gro/content/certificates/indexes_search.asp</ref>

== Sources ==
<references />