[[Schemerofsky-1|Jacqueline (Schemerofsky) Callender (1928-2004)]]

<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' ( https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=KnxO6WC%2BY2Et2DKxOJKxzA&scan=1 : 09-Nov-2022),
Jacqueline Schemerofsky, Mother. Lichtenstein, 1928, quarter 1, vol. 1c, p. 205, Bethnal Green, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref name="Convo JS">
Memories and notes taken whilst speaking with my mother, Jacqueline Callender over a 30 year period
</ref>

56 Vallance Road Zaidman Miss Helen Milliner
<ref>
'''"London, England, City Directories, 1736-1943"''' database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/61265/ : 9 January 2023),
Post Office London Directory, 1936. London Metropolitan Archives and Guildhall Library; London, England;
citing 56 Vallance Road, Street Directory, Page 1034
</ref>


<ref>
'''"1939 England and Wales Register"''' database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/61596/ : 9 January 2023),
Devon, Exmouth Ud, Wfkn, 1939. The National Archives, Key, London, England;
citing : RG 101/6819d, Jacqueline Morris, 141 Roseberry Road, Exmouth, Devon, England. 
</ref>

<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=M5TLbCN5sPj%2BeATvLz1HwA&scan=1 : 13-Nov-2022),
Jacqueline Morris, 1959, quarter 1, district. Portsmouth, vol. 6b, p. 1258,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"GRO Death Index,"''', database, ''GRO'' (https://www.gro.gov.uk/gro/content/certificates/indexes_search.asp : 13-Nov-2022),
Jacqueline Callender, Year of Birtgh. 1928, Registered. Q1\2004, District. Lichfield, Reg. 74c, Entry. 37;
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>
