== Biography ==

Jacob was born about 1855.<ref name="1881Census">
'''"England and Wales Census, 1881,"''' database with images, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:Q27S-F6BY : 8 December 2017),
Jacob Solomons, Spitalfields, London,Middlesex, England;
citing p. 31, Piece/Folio 437/19, The National Archives, Kew, Surrey; FHL microfilm 101,774,264.
</ref>.  He married Hannah Levinson in the Princess Street Synagogue on 29 December 1880<ref name="MC1">
'''"England and Wales Marriage Registration Index, 1837-2005,"''' database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:2DRG-ZM1 : 13 December 2014), 
citing Jacob SOLOMONS, 1880, quarter 4, vol. 1C, p. 169, London City, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>. Hannah's name is recorded as "Annie" but foreign names are often recorded incorrectly.  The marriage certificate<ref name="MC1" /> has Jacob's age as 22 so his approximate birth would be  1858.

He died on 5 June 1898 from Consumption, that he had been suffering for two years according to his death certificate. <ref name="DC1">
'''"England and Wales Death Registration Index 1837-2007,"''' database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:2JYG-BF6 : 31 December 2014),
Jacob Solomons, 1898, quarter 2, vol. 1C, p. 188, Whitechapel, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref> and his burial took place on 7 June 1898 in Plashet Cemetery, Section A, Row 13, Plot # 38.<ref name="BUR1">
'''"United Synagogue find a grave"''' database with images (https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave) (accessed 12 Nov 22)
citing cemetery. Plashet, first name. Jacob, last name. Solomons, year of burial. 1898
(burial. 7-Jun-1898, section. A, row. 13, plot. 38)
</ref>
== Sources ==
<references />