[[Solomons-294 | Rebecca Solomons]]

<<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=Cp48wpdtQvdlhjl5Sgmvhw&scan=1 : 29-Nov-2022),
Rebecca Solomons, 1897, quarter 2, vol. 1C, p. 315, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"London, England, School Admissions and Discharges, 1840-1911,"''' database with images, ''Ancestry.co.uk'' ( https://www.ancestry.co.uk/discoveryui-content/view/10031565:1938 : 18-Nov-2022) > Tower Hamlets > Stepney Jewish School > Admission and Discharge Register for Infants,
Admission No. 1972, Date. 20 Aug 1900, Name in Full. Solomon Reb, Parent. Hannah, Address. 59 Nelson St;
citing "London Metropolitan Archives; London, England; School Admission and Discharge Registers; Reference: LCC/EO/DIV05/STE/AD/007"
</ref>

<ref>
'''"London, England, School Admissions and Discharges, 1840-1911,"''' database with images, ''Ancestry.co.uk'' ( https://www.ancestry.co.uk/discoveryui-content/view/10031565:1938 : 18-Nov-2022) > Tower Hamlets > Rutland Street School > Admission and Discharge Register for Infants,
Admission No. 587, Date. 25 Aug 1902, Name in Full. Solomons Rebecca, Parent. Hannah, Address. 59 Nelson St;
citing "London Metropolitan Archives; London, England; School Admission and Discharge Registers; Reference: LCC/EO/DIV05/RUT/AD/002"
</ref>

<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''' database with images, FreeBMD (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=yS0A3gRuhgvYfeHVqCe2pQ&scan=1 : 29 November 2021), 
citing Rebecca SOLOMONS, 1921, quarter 3, vol. 1C, p. 778, Mile End, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''' database with images, FreeBMD (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=H%2F4f7m0UZdpxhXlLRNTZ6w&scan=1 : 29 November 2022),
Rebecca FAGAN, 1982, quarter. 4, vol. 5A, p. 699, DoB. 29 AP 1897, District. BRENT, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"United Synagogue find a grave"''' database with images (https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave) (accessed 12 Nov 22)
citing cemetery. Bushey, first name. Rebecca, last name. Fagan, year of burial. 1973
(burial. 11-Nov-1973, section. 1, row. ZA, plot. 897)
</ref>
