== Conversation ==

<ref name="CONVO-JC">
    '''[[Callender-401 | Barrie Callender]] in conversation with his mother and Hannah's great granddaughter''': 
    [[Schemerofsky-1 |jacqueline (Schemerofsky) Callender]] also known as Jacqueline Morris. Took place over 30 years and some notes made.
</ref>.

== GRO Birth Index ==
<ref name="BC1">
'''"England and Wales Birth Registration Index, 1837-2008,"''' database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:2XVS-VG7 : 1 October 2014),
citing Esther Solomons, 1881, quarter 4, vol. 1C, p. 315, Whitechapel, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England. 
</ref>

<ref name="BC2">
'''"England and Wales Birth Registration Index, 1837-2008,"''' database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:2X2R-22R : 1 October 2014), 
citing Hyman Solomons, 1883, quarter 3, vol. 1C, p. 310, Whitechapel, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England. 
</ref>

<ref name="BC3">
'''"England and Wales Birth Registration Index, 1837-2008,"''' database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:2X5W-483 : 1 October 2014),
citing Lewis Solomons, 1886, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 336, Whitechapel, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England. 
</ref>

<ref name="BC4">
'''"England and Wales Birth Registration Index, 1837-2008,"''' database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:2XTD-MX6 : 1 October 2014),
citing Alec Solomons, 1888, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 315, Whitechapel, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref name="BC5">
'''"England and Wales Birth Registration Index, 1837-2008,"''' database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:2XBJ-C6P : 1 October 2014),
citing Kitty Solomons, 1890, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 311, Whitechapel, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref name="BC6">
'''"England and Wales Birth Registration Index, 1837-2008,"''' database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:2FM5-G6B : 1 October 2014),
citing Rachel Solomons, 1892, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 312, Whitechapel, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

== GRO Marriage Index ==
<ref name="MC1">
'''"England and Wales Marriage Registration Index, 1837-2005,"''' database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:2DRL-Q8R : 13 December 2014),
citing Annie Levison, 1880, quarter 4, vol. 1C, p. 169, London City, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref name="MC1">
'''"England and Wales Marriage Registration Index, 1837-2005,"''' database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:2DRG-ZM1 : 13 December 2014), 
citing Jacob SOLOMONS, 1880, quarter 4, vol. 1C, p. 169, London City, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref name="MC1">
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''' database with images, FreeBMD (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=4F2o8ftVhssbd3U8VzQUQA&scan=1 : 22 November 2021), 
citing Rachel SOLOMONS, 1918, quarter 4, vol. 1C, p. 584, Mile End, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>


== GRO Death Index ==
<ref name="DC1">
'''"England and Wales Death Registration Index 1837-2007"''', database, FamilySearch (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:QVHL-G8TW : 3 November 2021),
Hannah Solomons, 1937, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 201, Stepney, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref name="DC1">
'''"England and Wales Death Registration Index 1837-2007,"''' database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:2JYG-BF6 : 31 December 2014),
Jacob Solomons, 1898, quarter 2, vol. 1C, p. 188, Whitechapel, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref name="DC1">
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''' database with images, FreeBMD (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=UgwRjG3YUIUp%2BmgMynN6Hw&scan=1 : 22 November 2022),
Rachel Goldstein, 1982, quarter. 4, vol. 14, p. 1119, Poplar\B GRN, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

== United Synagogues Burial ==
<ref name="BUR1">
'''"United Synagogue find a grave"''' database with images (https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave) (accessed 12 Nov 22)
citing cemetery. East Ham, first name. Hannah, last name. Solomons, year of burial. 1937
(burial. 6-Jan-1937, section. V, row. 10, plot. 655)
</ref>

<ref name="BUR1">
'''"United Synagogue find a grave"''' database with images (https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave) (accessed 12 Nov 22)
citing cemetery. Plashet, first name. Jacob, last name. Solomons, year of burial. 1898
(burial. 7-Jun-1898, section. A, row. 13, plot. 38)
</ref>

<ref name="BUR1">
'''"United Synagogue find a grave"''' database with images (https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave) (accessed 12 Nov 22)
citing cemetery. Waltham Abbey, first name. Rachel, last name. Goldstein, year of burial. 1982
(burial. 2-Nov-1982, section. 5, row. T, plot. 962)
</ref>

<ref name="BUR1">
'''"United Synagogue find a grave"''' database with images (https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave) (accessed 12 Nov 22)
citing cemetery. east Ham, first name. Louis, last name. Solomons, year of burial. 11967
(burial. 4-Jan-1967, section. B, row. 5, plot. 351)
</ref>

<ref name="BUR1">
'''"The City of Prince Rupert, Fairview Cemetery Search Tool,"''' database with images (https://princerupert.lightship.works/v2/public/workspace/2a5f9212-6564-41f2-b566-7f1cbe70c415/feature-search/d393eb80-1eaa-461c-b299-1ce2211bd615) (Accessed 22 Nov 22),
citing last name, first name: Moen, Kitty (date of passing. 21 Apr 1945; Block. C; Lot. 23; Plot. 5; Tier. 1)
</ref>


== 1881 Census ==
<ref name="1881Census">
'''"England and Wales Census, 1881"''' database with images, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:Q27S-F61B : 8 December 2017), 
Hannah Solomons in household of Jacob Solomons, Spitalfields, London,Middlesex, England; 
citing p. 31, Piece/Folio 437/19, The National Archives, Kew, Surrey; FHL microfilm 101,774,264.
</ref>

<ref name="1881Census">
'''"England and Wales Census, 1881,"''' database with images, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:Q27S-F6BY : 8 December 2017),
Jacob Solomons, Spitalfields, London,Middlesex, England;
citing p. 31, Piece/Folio 437/19, The National Archives, Kew, Surrey; FHL microfilm 101,774,264.
</ref>

== BC marriages ==
<ref name="MC1">
'''"Royal BC Museum BC Archives, Genealogy - General Search,"''' database with images, Royal BC Museum (https://search-collections.royalbcmuseum.bc.ca/Genealogy accessed 21-Nov-22),
Marriage of Kitty Solomons and Anton Antansen, Vancouver, British Colombia, Canada;
citing Registration Number. 1926-09-303788, BC Archives Mfilm Number. B13751, GSU Mfilm Number. 2074504;
</ref>

<ref name="DC1">
'''"Royal BC Museum BC Archives, Genealogy - General Search,"''' database with images, Royal BC Museum (https://search-collections.royalbcmuseum.bc.ca/Genealogy accessed 21-Nov-22),
Death of Kitty Solomons, Prince Rupert, British Colombia, Canada;
citing Registration Number. 1945-09-661109;
</ref>

<ref name="BUR1">
'''"
</ref>