
[[Category:Jewish Roots]]
== Biography ==
Barrie Callender was born on 10 June 1963 in the Royal Navy Maternity Home, Clifton Road, Southsea.  His father was [[Callender-429|George Callender (1923-1991)]], and must have been unemployed at the time, as his occupation was listed as No.P/MX 58859 Ordnance Artificer, Royal Navy (Retired).  He had left the Navy on 30 April 1963. Barrie's mother was [[Schemerofsky-1|Jacqueline (Schemerofsky) Callender (1928-2004)]] The family was living at 4 Wymering Manor Close, Cosham, Portsmouth.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=d5QNPW9pSBP0S8RV5ZPIpQ&scan=1 : 13-Nov-2022),
Barrie G Callender, Mother. Morris, 1963, quarter 12, vol. 6B, p. 847, Portsmouth, Hampshire, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>. Barrie's birthday was exactly 37 years after the wedding of his grandparents, [[Schamrofsky-1|Mark (Schamrofsky) Morris (1904-1974)]] and [[Lichtenstein-152|Eva (Lichtenstein) Purchase (1907-1985)]] that took place on 10 June 1926.

Barrie weighed 10 pounds at birth and contracted Gastroenteritis sometime during his first two days.  He was put in an Oxygen Tent and his mother was told he might have as much as a 50% chance of living.  He lost 3 pounds in weight on his third night and spent another six weeks in hospital before he could come home.

Barrie and Lisa Jane Passmore were married at Easthampstead Conference Centre, Bracknell on 12 September 1998.<ref>
'''"England & Wales, Civil Registration Marriage Index, 1916-2005"''' database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/8753/ : 13-Nov-2022),
Barrie G Callender, Registration. Sep 1998, District. Bracknell Forrest, Vol. 318, Page. 810, Entry. 008,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref> They have two children.
== Sources ==
<references />