== Biography ==
George was born at 40 Light Pipe Hall Road in Stockton-on-Tees on 3 May 1923. His father was a Ship Platers Helper named Christopher James Callender, and his mother was Sarah Jane Fisher.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=f97JPF7xqWM1kFvCN9YlBA&scan=1 : 13-Nov-2022),
George Callender. Mother, Fisher. 1923, quarter 2, vol. 10a, p. 173, Stockton, County Durham, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

He married [[Schemerofsky-1|Jacqueline (Schemerofsky) Callender (1928-2004)]], also known as Jacqueline Morris, in Portsmouth on 21 February 1959. His occupation was P/MX 58859, Chief Petty Officer, Ordnance Artificer, Royal Navy with his residence listed as HMS Duchess, Portsmoth. She was a Restaurant Waitress living at 35 Shaftsbury Road, Southsea. <ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=q3zaA2hNVVxJaiBNbUswdg&scan=1 : 13-Nov-2022),
George Callender, 1959, quarter 1, district. Portsmouth, vol. 6b, p. 1258,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

He died at 29 Tyrone Road, Stockton-on-Tees on 7 March 1991. He had been diagnosed with Cancer in January 1991, and the primary cause of death was Lung Cancer (1a. Primary Carcinoma Bronchins) and secondary was Acute Bronchitis (11. Acute Bronchitis)<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=GaQhqPJ1XUZJUXjqwo8C%2Fw&scan=1 : 13-Nov-2022),
George Callender, DoB. 3-May-1923, district. Cleveland, Registerred. 03-1991, vol. 3, p. 2821;
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

George was cremated and his wife and three children took his ashes to Whitby North Shore on the Yorkshire Coast and spread them in the sea.  George spent 25 years serving his country in the Royal Navy and nearly half of his adult life was spent at sea.  All his children had left home, and so now they could look onto any sea or ocean in the world and remember their father in his "home".

== Sources ==
<references />