<ref name="BC">
GRO Birth Index.Name: CALLENDER George Registered: 1923-Q2, Mother's Maiden Name: FISHER, District: STOCKTON, Volume: 10A, Page: 173. 
FreeBMD database online:https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=f97JPF7xqWM1kFvCN9YlBA&scan=1. (Accessed 13/11/2022)
</ref>

<ref name="Marriage Certificate">
CALLENDER, George. GRO Birth Index. Name: CALLENDER, George, Spouse: MORRIS, District: PORTSMOUTH, Volume:  6B, Page:  1258.
FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=q3zaA2hNVVxJaiBNbUswdg&scan=1
</ref>

<ref name="Death Certificate">
CALLENDER, George. GRO Birth Index. Name: CALLENDER, George, Birthdate: 3-May-1923, District: C Cleveland, Registered 03.91 Volume:  3, Page:  2821. 
FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=GaQhqPJ1XUZJUXjqwo8C%2Fw&scan=1
</ref>


== Edit ==

== Biography ==
George was born in Stockton-on-Tees on 3 May 1923.<ref name="BC">GRO Birth Index.Name: CALLENDER George Registered: 1923-Q2, Mother's Maiden Name: FISHER, District: STOCKTON, Volume: 10A, Page: 173. FreeBMD database online:https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=f97JPF7xqWM1kFvCN9YlBA&scan=1. (Accessed 13/11/2022)</ref>

He married [[Schemerofsky-1 | Jacqueline Morris]] (born Jacqueline  Schemerofsky) in Portsmouth on 21 February 1959.<ref name="Marriage Certificate">CALLENDER, George. GRO Birth Index. Name: CALLENDER, George, Spouse: MORRIS, District: PORTSMOUTH, Volume:  6B, Page:  1258. FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=q3zaA2hNVVxJaiBNbUswdg&scan=1</ref>

He died in Stockton-on-Tees on 7 March 1991. <ref name="Death Certificate">CALLENDER, George. GRO Birth Index. Name: CALLENDER, George, Birthdate: 3-May-1923, District: C Cleveland, Registered 03.91 Volume:  3, Page:  2821. FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=GaQhqPJ1XUZJUXjqwo8C%2Fw&scan=1</ref>
 
== Sources ==
<references />