[[Category:Jewish Roots]]
== Biography ==

Eva was born on 7 June 1907 at 22 Fullbourne Street, Whitechapel, London.  Her father was a Hairdressing Assistant called Jacob Lichtenstein and her mother was born Esther Solomons.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=e4Cfgqctp9hd7OzicTPoOA&scan=1 : 9-Nov-2022),
Eva Lichtenstein, 1907, quarter 2, vol. 1c, p. 247, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

She married [[Schamrofsky-1|Mark (Schamrofsky) Morris (1904-1974)]] on 10 June 1926 by licence at the register office in Bethnal Green. She was a 19 year old spinster occupied as a Milliner. He was a 22 year old bachelor working as a Hairdresser (Journeyman).  They were both living at 45 Blythe Street, Bethnal Green at the time of their marriage.  Eva's father had died by this time and he had been a Tailor's Machinist called Jack Lichtenstein.  Mark's father was a Tobacconist called Morris Chemerofsky.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=fgDkHA4qL4W%2FaxcTj%2BXegA&scan=1 : 9-Nov-2022),
Eva Lichtenstein, 1926, quarter 2, district. Bethnal Green, London, vol. 1c, p. 356,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref> Their only child was [[Schemerofsky-1|Jacqueline (Schemerofsky) Callender (1928-2004)]] who was born on 7 February 1928.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' ( https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=KnxO6WC%2BY2Et2DKxOJKxzA&scan=1 : 09-Nov-2022),
Jacqueline Schemerofsky, Mother. Lichtenstein, 1928, quarter 1, vol. 1c, p. 205, Bethnal Green, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

The marriage didn't last long and they separated from each other, probably in 1931, but it is not yet known when they were legally divorced.

By 1949 or 1950, Eva had met a man from Bristol by the name of Alfred Purchase.<ref name="Convo JS">
Memories and notes taken whilst speaking with my mother, Jacqueline Callender over a 30 year period
</ref>  Eva married Alfred  by licence at the register office in Southampton, Hampshire. She was 46 years old, and described as a spinster without an  occupation. He was 46 years old, having had his previous marriage disolved, and working as a General Dealer.  They were both living at 24 Anglesea Terrace in Southampton at the time of their marriage.  Eva was now going by the name of Elizabeth Lichstein.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=GOW0I7PZLJUNW6ohvoI%2F%2FQ&scan=1 : 9-Nov-2022),
Elizabeth Lichtenstein, 1958, spouse. Purchase, quarter 4, district. Southampton, Hampshire, vol. 6b, p. 1147,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

Eva died on 8 December 1985 whilst living in Tynings Nursing Home at 42 Albert Road, Clevedon, Avon. She was 78 years old, known as Elizabeth Purchase, and her maiden name was given as Lichenstein.  She is described as the wife of Alfred Percy Purchase who was a Builder (retired). Alfred lived in 15 Hastings Road, Bedminster, Bristol.  It is very likely that this was the family home for Eva and Alfred.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=RlgYyCG4nMQieB%2FEIdpMOw&scan=1 : 9-Nov-2022),
Elizabeth Purchase, Date of Birth. 5-Jun-1907, Registered. 12.85, District. Weston Supermare, Somerset Vol. 22, Page. 1335;
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

Eva was cremated at South Bristol Crematorium and her ashes interred in their 'A Garden' - exact reference is A54/9.<ref>
'''"Email,"''', email with attachments, ''Barrie Callender'' (gmail dot com : 31-Jan-2023),
from. NH Cems & Crems at Bristol council, to. Barrie Callender <email address withheld>, date. 28-Nov-2019 at 13:59
citing content. Elizabeth Purchase lived in Clevedon aged 78 yrs, she was cremated at South Bristol Crematorium and her ashes were interred into our 'A Garden' - exact reference is A54/9'
</ref>

== Sources ==
<references />