[[Solomons-290 | Alexander Solomons]]

<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=LllfR50ZtrbFDxzi59SMjA&scan=1 : 18-Nov-2022),
Alec Solomons, 1888, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 315, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"1891 England Census,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:31G1-QN2 : 22-Feb-2021),
Aleck Solomons in household of Jacob Solomons, Spitalfields, London, England, United Kingdom; 
citing PRO RG 12, London county, subdistrict, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"London, England, School Admissions and Discharges, 1840-1911,"''' database with images, ''Ancestry.co.uk'' ( https://www.ancestry.co.uk/discoveryui-content/view/10031565:1938 : 18-Nov-2022) > Tower Hamlets > Chicksand Street School > Admission and Discharge Register for Infants,
Admission No. 1939, Date. 16/2/93, Name in Full. Alex Solomons, Parent. jacob, Address. 357 Flower & Dean St;
citing "London Metropolitan Archives; London, England; School Admission and Discharge Registers; Reference: LCC/EO/DIV05/CHI/AD/006"
</ref>

<ref>
'''"1901 England Census,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:X9C7-8T1 : 7-Dec-2022),
Alec Solomon in household of Hannah Solomon, Mile End Old Town Holy Trinity, Middlesex, England, United Kingdom; 
citing Mile End Old Town Western subdistrict, PRO RG 13, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=ez0mINCUeyNdqP4AUhbq7A&scan=1 : 18-Nov-2022),
Alexander Solomons, 1907, quarter 4, district. Bethnal green, vol. 1c, p. 426,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"1911 England Census,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:XWLD-QZY : 7-Dec-2022),
Alexander Solomons in Wormwood Scrubs prison as an inmate, Hammersmith, London, England, United Kingdom; 
citing PRO RG 14, Hammersmith, subdistrict, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"1911 England Census,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:XWG1-BGF : 7-Dec-2022),
Cissie Solomons in household of Hannah Solomons, 1 Regal Place, Whitechapel, London, England, United Kingdom; 
citing PRO RG 14, Hammersmith, subdistrict, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"UK, British Army World War I Medal Rolls Index Cards, 1914-1920,"''', database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/imageviewer/collections/1262/images/30850_A001460-00876?pId=5067701 : 18-Nov-2022),
A-Z > Smith-Strong > Solizbery, S S-Soper, Horace > Alexdr Solomons, Regimental Numbers. 577255, 43440
citing The Western Front Association
</ref>

<ref>
'''"UK, WWI Pension Ledgers and Index cards, 1914-1923."''', database with images, ''Fold3'' (https://www.fold3.com/image/645676848 : 18-Nov-2022),
Full Name: Solomons, Alexander, Reference Number: 724/11PP. Document Number: 11/PP/11960/D/60
citing The Western Front Association
</ref>

<ref>
'''"Ireland, World War 1 Casualties, 1914-1922"''', database with images ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/discoveryui-content/view/45348:1633  : 18-Nov-2022),
8 (Sma To Zig), physical page number 37, Solomons, Alexander
</ref>

<ref>
'''"British Jewry Book of Honour"''', database with images, ''Fold3'' (https://www.fold3.com/image/537878565?xid=1022&_gl=1*w3nzjt*_ga*NjgyNjkzNTcuMTY2NTUxNzI2Nw..*_ga_4QT8FMEX30*MTY2ODgwODQyNi4xMy4xLjE2Njg4MTI2NjYuMTEuMC4w : 18-Nov-2022),
Physical Page: 119, Digital Page: 151, No: 43440, Rank: Pte, Name: Solomons A
citing Reverend Michael Adler, Caxton Publishing Company
</ref>

<ref>
'''"Commonwealth War Graves Commission"''', database with images, ''Commonwealth war graves commission'' (https://www.cwgc.org/find-records/find-war-dead/casualty-details/1653990/alexander-solomons/ : 18-Nov-2022),
name: Private Alexander Solomons, Service Number: 43440, Bay: 9, Arras Memorial, Arras, France
citing Commonwealth War Graves Commission
</ref>
