== Biography ==

Esther was born on 25 September 1881.<ref name="Birth Certificate">SOLOMONS, Esther. GRO Birth Index. Name: SOLOMONS, Esther, Registered: 1881-Q4, District: Whitechapel, Volume:  1c, Page:  315. FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=VOH4tMtN23wI%2BiB86Nd4fw&scan=1</ref>

She wasn't married to the father of her daughter [[Lichtenstein-152 | Eva Lichtenstein]] and it isn't clear whether or not the father, [[Lichtenstein-153 | Jack Lichtenstein]] was operating her as a prostitute or they were setting up business together in that field of work.<ref name="Convo CS">Conversations with my 2nd cousin who we share John, better known as Jack as a great grandparent. He died in the year she was born but her mother and aunties (Jack's children) often talked about him and their life</ref>

It is known that [[Lichtenstein-153 | Jack Lichtenstein]] was married to Annie Rosenwaif at the time of Eva's birth, and he already had three daughters.<ref name="Convo CS" />

Esther left Liverpool, England and travelled to New York on board the Caronia..  She is listed fourth from the bottom with a ticket number of 49989 and 15 rows above her is a Hairdresser by the name of J Lichtenstein.  His ticket number is one less at 49988.  There are no other consecutive ticket numbers on the passenger list.  <ref name="19060925 LIV-NY OUT">SOLOMONS, Esther. ancestry.co.uk: UK and Ireland, Outward Passenger Lists, 1890-1960. The National Archives; Kew, Surrey, England; BT27 Board of Trade: Commercial
and Statistical Department and Successors: Outwards Passenger Lists; Reference Number:
Series BT27-. Page 841 of 1366. Passenger(s) Ester Solomons, Gender: Female, Departure Age: 24, Departure date: 25 Sep 1906, Departure Port: Liverpool, Ship Name: Caronia, Destination Port: New York, USA.  Ancestry.co.uk database online: https://www.ancestry.co.uk/discoveryui-content/view/48461988:2997 (accessed 10 Nov 2022)</ref>.  It is very likely they bought the two tickets together.

[[Lichtenstein-152 | Eva Lichtenstein]] was born approximately 9 months after this sailing in June 1907.  Her birth certificate lists her father as a hairdresser called Jack Lichtenstein. <ref name="Birth Certificate EL">LICHTENSTEIN, Eva. GRO Birth Index. Name: LICHTENSTEIN, Eva, Mother's maiden name: SOLOMONS, Year: 1907, Q2, District: WHITECHAPEL, Volume:  1C, Page:  247. FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=e4Cfgqctp9hd7OzicTPoOA&scan=1.  GRO Index: https://www.gro.gov.uk/gro/content/certificates/indexes_search.asp</ref>.  Esther may have been pregnant with Eva before she boarded the ship to New York.

It is believed Jack and Esther broke up at some point before the end of 1913, and sources will be presented in due course for that, as well as filling in some of the intervening years.

Esther made her way to Prince Rupert, British Colombia, Canada.  On 24 May 1919, Esther married Chrestos Katrekeles, also known as Harry N Killas.  The ceremony took place n Vancouver, British Colombia. <ref name="Marriage Certificate">SOLOMONS, Esther. Marriage Index. British Colombia, Canada. Citing: Registra5tion Number: 1919-09-201968, BCA Number: B11390, GSU Number: 1984111: Name: Ester Solomons, Gender: Female, Spouse Name: Chrestos Katrekeles, Gender: Male, Marriage date: 24 May 1919</ref>

Harry pre-deceased her, and she was brutally murdered on 17 April 1928.<ref name="death certificate">KILLAS, Esther. Death Index. (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=RlgYyCG4nMQieB%2FEIdpMOw&scan=1) British Columbia, Canada, Death Index, 1872-1990:. Citing: Registration Number: 1928-09-412203, BCA Number: B13135, GSU Number:1952635. Name: Esther Killas, Gender: Female, Birth Year: 1889, Death Age: 39, Death Date: 17 Apr 1928, Death Location: Prince Rupert (accessed 9 Nov 2022)</ref>

== Sources ==
<references />