[[Solomons-287|Esther Solomons (1881-1928)]]

<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=VOH4tMtN23wI%2BiB86Nd4fw&scan=1 : 18-Nov-2022),
Esther Solomons, 1881, quarter 4, vol. 1C, p. 315, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>


<ref name="Convo CS">
Conversations with my 2nd cousin who we share John, better known as Jack as a great grandparent. He died in the year she was born but her mother and aunties (Jack's children) often talked about him and their life
</ref>

<ref name="19060925 LIV-NY OUT">
SOLOMONS, Esther. ancestry.co.uk: UK and Ireland, Outward Passenger Lists, 1890-1960. 
The National Archives; Kew, Surrey, England; BT27 Board of Trade: Commercial and Statistical Department and Successors: Outwards Passenger Lists; Reference Number:
Series BT27-. Page 841 of 1366. Passenger(s) Ester Solomons, Gender: Female, Departure Age: 24, Departure date: 25 Sep 1906, Departure Port: Liverpool, Ship Name: Caronia, Destination Port: New York, USA.  Ancestry.co.uk database online: https://www.ancestry.co.uk/discoveryui-content/view/48461988:2997 (accessed 10 Nov 2022)
</ref>

<ref name="Birth Certificate EL">
LICHTENSTEIN, Eva. GRO Birth Index. Name: LICHTENSTEIN, Eva, Mother's maiden name: SOLOMONS, Year: 1907, Q2, District: WHITECHAPEL, Volume:  1C, Page:  247. 
FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=e4Cfgqctp9hd7OzicTPoOA&scan=1.  
GRO Index: https://www.gro.gov.uk/gro/content/certificates/indexes_search.asp
</ref>

<ref name="Marriage Certificate">
SOLOMONS, Esther. Marriage Index. British Colombia, Canada. Citing: Registra5tion Number: 1919-09-201968, BCA Number: B11390, GSU Number: 1984111:
Name: Ester Solomons, Gender: Female, Spouse Name: Chrestos Katrekeles, Gender: Male, Marriage date: 24 May 1919
</ref>

<ref name="death certificate">
KILLAS, Esther. Death Index. (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=RlgYyCG4nMQieB%2FEIdpMOw&scan=1) British Columbia, Canada, Death Index, 1872-1990:. 
Citing: Registration Number: 1928-09-412203, BCA Number: B13135, GSU Number:1952635. 
Name: Esther Killas, Gender: Female, Birth Year: 1889, Death Age: 39, Death Date: 17 Apr 1928, Death Location: Prince Rupert (accessed 9 Nov 2022)
</ref>