[[Solomons-288 | Jacob Solomons]]

<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=cyIeknV%2FiPblGfZoS4f%2BUw&scan=1 : 13-Dec-2014),
Jacob Solomons, 1880, quarter 4, district. London City, vol. 1c, p. 169,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"England and Wales Census, 1881,"''' database with images, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:Q27S-F6BY : 8 December 2017),
Jacob Solomons as head of household, 8 Little Patternoster Row, Spitalfields, London, Middlesex, England;
citing p. 31, Piece/Folio 437/19, The National Archives, Kew, Surrey; FHL microfilm 101,774,264.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"England and Wales Census, 1891,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:31P8-T3Z : 22-Feb-2021),
Jacob Solomons as head of household, 31 & 32 Booth Street Buildings, Spitalfields, London, England, United Kingdom; 
citing PRO RG 12, p. 12, Piece/Folio. 276/49, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=UpzmcRdEDdSXgbkghZUJfA&scan=1 : 31-Dec-2014),
Jacob Solomons, Age. 43, 1898, quarter 2, district. Whitechapel, vol. 1c, p. 188;
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

<ref>
'''"United Synagogue find a grave"''' database with images (https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave) (accessed 12 Nov 22)
citing cemetery. Plashet, first name. Jacob, last name. Solomons, year of burial. 1898
(burial. 7-Jun-1898, section. A, row. 13, plot. 38)
</ref>