[[Category:Jewish Roots]]
== Biography ==
Rebecca Solomons was born on 29 April 1897 at 22 Thomas Street, Whitechapel, London.  Her father, [[Solomons-288]] was a Tailor Machiner at the time, and the maiden name of her mother [[Levinson-273]] was recorded asLevison.<<ref name="BC1">
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=Cp48wpdtQvdlhjl5Sgmvhw&scan=1 : 29-Nov-2022),
Rebecca Solomons, 1897, quarter 2, vol. 1C, p. 315, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

Rebecca married Abraham Fagan on 10 July 1921 at the Stepney Orthodox Synagogue in Stepney Green, London<ref name="MC1">
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''' database with images, FreeBMD (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=yS0A3gRuhgvYfeHVqCe2pQ&scan=1 : 29 November 2021), 
citing Rebecca SOLOMONS, 1921, quarter 3, vol. 1C, p. 778, Mile End, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>.

Rachel died on 9 November 1973.  She was buried on 11 November 1973 at Bushey Jewish cemetery in Section 1, Row ZA, Plot 897.<ref name="DC1">
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''' database with images, FreeBMD (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=H%2F4f7m0UZdpxhXlLRNTZ6w&scan=1 : 29 November 2022),
Rebecca FAGAN, 1982, quarter. 4, vol. 5A, p. 699, DoB. 29 AP 1897, District. BRENT, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref><ref name="BUR1">
'''"United Synagogue find a grave"''' database with images (https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave) (accessed 12 Nov 22)
citing cemetery. Bushey, first name. Rebecca, last name. Fagan, year of burial. 1973
(burial. 11-Nov-1973, section. 1, row. ZA, plot. 897)
</ref>.

== Sources ==
<references />