[[Category:Jewish Roots]]
== Biography ==

According to the 1939 Register, Rose was born on 9 April 1894.<ref>
'''"1939 England and Wales Register"''' database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/61596/ : 9 January 2023),
London, Bethnal Green Met B Ud, Adox, 1939. The National Archives, Key, London, England;
citing : RG 101/66B, Rose Solomons, 8 Abingdon Buildings, Bethnal Green, London, England. 
</ref>

She married [[Solomons-289|Hyman Solomons (1883-1966)]] in the East London Synagogue on 10 February 1918. She was a 23 year old Spinster working as a Tailoress. He was a 30 year old Bachelor who was a Cabinet Maker, serving as a Private in the Army Labour Corps.  They were both living at 1 Regal Place, the home of his Mother [[Levinson-273|Hannah Levinson (abt.1862-1937)]].<ref>
'''GRO Marriage Index'''. Name: SIMONS, Rose, Spouse: SOLOMONS, Registerred: 1918-Q1 District: MILE END, Volume:  1C, Page:  525. 
FreeBMD database online: https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=lTtnJpBaPU2yWZH3mlgR1w&scan=1
</ref>

Rose died on 7 Aug 1963. She was 69 years old.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=VfPvBiH85Vxzp%2FqJ3D%2Bgsw&scan=1 : 7-Feb-2024),
SOLOMONS, Rose, Age. 69, 1963, quarter. 3, district. Bethnal Green, Vol. 5c, Page. 150;
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref><ref>
'''"England & Wales, National Probate Calendar (Index of Wills and Administrations), 1858-1995"''' database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/1904/ : 7 February 2024),
Principal Probate Registry. Calendar of the Grants of Probate and Letters of Administration made in the Probate Registries of the High Court of Justice in England. London, England;
citing : RG 101/66B, Rose Solomons, Death Date: 7 Aug 1963, London, England, Probate Date: 15 Jan 1964 
</ref>

== Sources ==
<references />