[[Category:Jewish Roots]]
== Biography ==

Jacqueline Schemerofsky was born on 7 February 1928 at 3 Clarkson Street, Bethnal Green, London.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' ( https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=KnxO6WC%2BY2Et2DKxOJKxzA&scan=1 : 09-Nov-2022),
Jacqueline Schemerofsky, Mother. Lichtenstein, 1928, quarter 1, vol. 1c, p. 205, Bethnal Green, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>  She was the only child of [[Schamrofsky-1|Mark Schamrofsky]] and [[Lichtenstein-152|Eva Lichtenstein]].  She married [[Callender-429|George Callender ]] in Portsmouth registry Office on 21 February 1959.  Together they had two children, and adopted a third.
# Michael Christopher Callender
# Stephen McKenzie Callender
# [[Callender-401| Barrie Gordon Callender]]
She died on 27 February 2004, at age 76.  She was cremated and her ashes are in Oxbridge Lane Cemetery, Stockton-on-Tees.


Slightly more than a month after she was born, Jackie's grandmother, [[Solomons-287|Esther Solomons]] was brutally murdered in her home in Prince Rupert, British Colombia, Canada.  Jackie grew up believing both of her grandparents had died when she was very young or before she was born, but didn't know about the tragic circumstances surrounding her grandmother's death. Her grandfather, [[Lichtenstein-153|John Lichtenstein]] died in 1952. He and Esther never married, which is something else Jackie didn't know.<ref name="Convo JS">Memories and notes taken whilst speaking with my mother, Jacqueline Callender over a 30 year period</ref>

Jackie believed her surname was MORRIS, she lived in a Dairy that became a Milliners in Vallance Road, London, and when her parents split up in about 1931 she moved to 1 Regal Place, Old Montague Street, London to live with her great grandmother, [[Levinson-273|Hannah Levinson]], until Hannah died.<ref name="Convo JS" />  

Her parents started using the surname MORRIS, and Mark was using Max as his first name by 1929.<ref>
'''"London, England, Electoral Registers, 1832-1965"''' database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/1795/ : 9 January 2023),
Tower Hamlets, Stepney and Stoke Newington, 1929. London Metropolitan Archives; London, England; Electoral Registers
citing 1 Regal Place, Whitechapel and St. George's Division, Polling District N, 1929 (In force 1 May 1929 to 14 October 1930)
</ref><ref>
'''"London, England, Electoral Registers, 1832-1965"''' database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/1795/ : 9 January 2023),
Tower Hamlets, Stepney and Stoke Newington, 1930. London Metropolitan Archives; London, England; Electoral Registers
citing 1 Regal Place, Whitechapel and St. George's Division, Polling District N, 1930 (In force 15 October 1930 to 14 October 1931)
</ref>  Jackie always called her father Max.  Her parents were also registered at 56 Vallance Road in 1930<ref>
'''"London, England, Electoral Registers, 1832-1965"''' database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/1795/ : 9 January 2023),
Tower Hamlets, Stepney and Stoke Newington, 1930. London Metropolitan Archives; London, England; Electoral Registers
citing 56 Vallance Road, Whitechapel and St. George's Division, Polling District N, 1930 (In force 15 October 1930 to 14 October 1931)
</ref>.  The Post Office London Directory of 1931 contains "56 Morris Mrs Eva, dairy" under Vallance Road.<ref>
'''"London, England, City Directories, 1736-1943"''' database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/61265/ : 9 January 2023),
Post Office London Directory, 1931. London Metropolitan Archives and Guildhall Library; London, England;
citing 56 Vallance Road, Street Directory, Page 679
</ref>.  By 1936, the entry for 56 Vallance Road said "Zaidman Miss Helen Milliner".  Jackie was 8 years old in 1936 and the evidence supports what she has said about 56 Vallance Road.

Eva inherited a sum of money following her mother's murder, and it was probably this that allowed her to acquire the shop at 56 Vallance Road.  The money didn't seem to last long and neither did the marriage between Mark and Eva, which may well have been related.  Jackie tells a story of Max breaking into the Dairy through a window and stealing her soon after her parents separated around 1931.  She also says she moved into 1 Regal Place and lived with her great grandmother.  Her mother didn't live with Jackie who was brought up by her great grandmother just as Hannah had looked after Eva.<ref name="Convo JS" />

Jackie recalls going to Victoria Park with Hannah Solomons and on a Saturday, Hannah would go up to Jewish boys and ask "bisti frum" and if they said no, she would get them to take Jackie out on the lake in a boat.<ref name="Convo JS" />

Jackie loved Hannah dearly and often told of the night of 4th January 1937, when she and Hannah were alone in 1 Regal Place.  Hannah is sitting in an arm chair and Jackie is holding and stroking her hand as they talk softly to each other.  Hannah drifts in and out of sleep and eventually she falls asleep for the last time and a little 8 year old girl is left alone in a house with her lifeless great grandmother, who was the whole world to her.<ref name="Convo JS" />

Jackie is not sure who she lived with after the death of Hannah, but she described it as being "pushed from pillar to post".  At one place she stayed in a room with lots of stuffed birds which scared her quite profoundly.  So much so that Jackie never had any bird ornaments or pictures in her home.<ref name="Convo JS" />

Jackie was 11 when war broke out in 1939 and she was evacuated to 141 Roseberry Road, Exmouth, Devon to live with a young newly wed woman named Winifred Huxtable.  She was just 8 years older than Jackie.<ref>
'''"1939 England and Wales Register"''' database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/61596/ : 9 January 2023),
Devon, Exmouth Ud, Wfkn, 1939. The National Archives, Key, London, England;
citing : RG 101/6819d, Jacqueline Morris, 141 Roseberry Road, Exmouth, Devon, England. 
</ref>  Although we don't know when Jackie returned to London we do know it was before the end of the war because she was working as a waitress in Picadilly when it finished.<ref name="Convo JS" />

Jackie lodged in and around London and mentioned various places she lived, including Fulham, Gloucester Road and Sutton.  There were two places she frequently talked about.  One was when she lived with an aunt in Long Acre, near Covent Garden and another at 50 Colvestone Crescent in Dalston.  It turns out this was with the same aunt.<ref name="Convo JS" />  Her name is Abigail Bloomfield but it has proven very difficult to trace who she is or what kind of an aunt she was.  There is a photograph of her at Jackies wedding when she married [[Callender-429|George Callender (1923-1991)]] on 21 February 1959.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=M5TLbCN5sPj%2BeATvLz1HwA&scan=1 : 13-Nov-2022),
Jacqueline Morris, 1959, quarter 1, district. Portsmouth, vol. 6b, p. 1258,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>. 

Jackie died on 27 February 2004.<ref>
'''"GRO Death Index,"''', database, ''GRO'' (https://www.gro.gov.uk/gro/content/certificates/indexes_search.asp : 13-Nov-2022),
Jacqueline Callender, Year of Birtgh. 1928, Registered. Q1\2004, District. Lichfield, Reg. 74c, Entry. 37;
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

== Sources ==
<references />