[[Category:Jewish Roots]]
== Biography ==

Hannah came to England in the 1880s from somewhere in Eastern Europe, which may have been Russia or Prussia. She was very special to her great grandaughter [[Schemerofsky-1 |Jacqueline (Schemerofsky) Callender]]. Hannah died in 1937 whilst holding the hand of the eight year old Jacqueline in a room in the house where they both lived at 1 Regal Place, Old Montague Street in Whitechapel, London.<ref name="INT-JC">
'''"Interviews"''', notes and memory, ''Barrie Callender'' (unpublished : 1973 to 2002),
citing [[Callender-401 | Barrie Callender]] personal notes and memory of interviews with his mother
</ref>.

Hannah and [[Solomons-288 | Jacob Solomons]] may have been married in London, but it is not known for sure.  If this was the case, then a likely candidate for their marriage was one that took place on 29 December 1880 at the Princess Street Synagogue.
{|class="wikitable" style="margin:auto"
|+ Marriage Certificate for Hannah Levison and Jacob Solomons
|-
! When Married !! Name and Surnames !! Age !! Condition !! Rank or Profession !!  Residence !! Father's Name !! Father's Occupation
|-
|Twenty ninth || Jacob Solomons || 22 yrs || Bachelor||Journeyman Tailor || 6 Sandy's Row ||Solomon Solomons ||Dealer
|-
|December 1880 ||Annie Levison || 21 yrs || Spinster|| &nbsp; || 6 Sandy's Row ||Jacob Levison ||Cap Maker
|}<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=cyIeknV%2FiPblGfZoS4f%2BUw&scan=1 : 13-Dec-2014),
Annie Levison, 1880, quarter 4, district. London City, vol. 1c, p. 169,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>
The name of the bride is "Annie" not Hannah, but there is a Census we will see later on where this is also the case.  The other difference is the ages of Bride and Groom, but this could be a guess by the register, as both had signed the marriage certificate using an X and so could not write english or possibly speak it.

The next record which could be them is at 8 Little Patternoster Row according to the England and Wales Census of 1881<ref>
'''"England and Wales Census, 1881,"''' database with images, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:Q27S-F6BY : 8 December 2017),
Hannah Solomons in household of Jacob Solomons, 8 Little Patternoster Row, Spitalfields, London, Middlesex, England;
citing p. 31, Piece/Folio 437/19, The National Archives, Kew, Surrey; FHL microfilm 101,774,264.
</ref> Here we find a married couple called Jacob and Hannah Solomons with the same ages as was on the earlier Marriage Certificate.  The birth place for both is Poland and Jacob is a Tailor and Hannah a Tailoress.

The houses in Little Patternoster Row were very small and they backed onto Crispin Street.  Jacob and Hannah's first child was born in 12 Little Patternoster Row, whilst they were living at 13 Crispen Street.  This house was north of Little Patternoster Row under what is now Spitalfields Market (2022).  There is the possibility of Hannah giving birth in the home of someone she new from her time living in Little Patternoster Row.  The birth certificate of their first child, [[Solomons-287 | Esther Solomons]] associates the family with Little Patternoster Row, though doesn't prove they ever lived there<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=VOH4tMtN23wI%2BiB86Nd4fw&scan=1 : 18-Nov-2022),
Esther Solomons, 1881, quarter 4, vol. 1C, p. 315, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>.

Esther's birth was registered more than a month later on 29 October 1881.  It is entirely possible for the family to have been living in Little Patternoster Row moving after Esther was born and before her birth was registered.

The next 5 children were all born in 2 Booth Street Buildings in Whitechapel and most likely in the same two flats (more likely rooms) at number 31 and 32. The first three of these were all boys. [[Solomons-289 | Hyman]] was born on 13 June 1883 <ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=Mg1fieWatS8YrNOZje8OmQ&scan=1 : 19-Nov-2022),
Hyman Solomons, 1883, quarter 3, vol. 1C, p. 310, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>, Louis on 28 January 1886 <ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=sQtWVrVXguBIeRIe30grBg&scan=1 : 18-Nov-2022),
Lewis Solomons, 1886, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 336, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>, and Alexander on 6 December 1887 <ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=LllfR50ZtrbFDxzi59SMjA&scan=1 : 18-Nov-2022),
Alec Solomons, 1888, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 315, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>.  The last two of their children to be born in Booth Street wwere Kitty on 24 December 1889 <ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=xtfu7cknCJjGB3tAqhcwxw&scan=1 : 19-Nov-2022),
Kitty Solomons, 1890, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 311, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref> and finally Rachel on 25 December 1891 <ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=YSXfiDCPQOuXSnBeMNfw7A&scan=1 : 18-Nov-2022),
Rachel Solomons, 1892, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 312, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>.

The Census of 1891 shows Hannah and her family living at 31 & 32 Booth Street Buildings.  Her forename is entered as Annie, but we know from the address cross referenced to that on the birth certificates of the children that this is the correct family. I looked through the Census pages and found there were 3 Booth Street Buildings and rooms 31 & 32 were in Number 2 Booth Street Buildings.<ref>
'''"England and Wales Census, 1891,"''' database with images, ''FamilySearch'' (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:31P8-T3Z : 22-Feb-2021),
Annie Solomons in household of Jacob Solomons, Spitalfields, London, England, United Kingdom; 
citing PRO RG 12, p. 12, Piece/Folio. 276/49, The National Archives of the UK, Kew, Surrey.
</ref> Both Hannah and her husband, Jacob are Tailor Machinists according to the Census.  The family may have lived in rooms 31 and 32 of number 2 Booth Street Buildings for more than 8 years, and then they lived at a number of addresses until either late 1909 or 1910.





Their last two children were born in different addresses.  Dinah was born on 23 July 1894 at 24 Heneage Street, Spitalfields <ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=rbdAEQ0hvE1zZB8T4OH0xQ&scan=1 : 18-Nov-2022),
Dinah Solomons, 1894, quarter 3, vol. 1C, p. 267, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>, and Rebecca was born on 29 April 1897 at 22 Thomas Street<<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=Cp48wpdtQvdlhjl5Sgmvhw&scan=1 : 29-Nov-2022),
Rebecca Solomons, 1897, quarter 2, vol. 1C, p. 315, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>.

Hannah's husband, [[Solomons-288 | Jacob]], died from Consumption in June 1898, and Hannah was left with 8 children ranging in age from 1 years old to 17 years old.

Addresses
11 Feb 1889 2 Booth Street: Hyman school to 01 Mar 1889
15 Feb 1893 357 Flower & Dean Street: Alex & Kitty School to 22 Sep 1893 (Removed)
11 Feb 1895 24 Heneage Street: Kitty school
04 Mar 1895 24 Heneage Street: Rachel school
05 Jun 1898 22 Thomas Street: Jacob Solomons Death certificate
22 Aug 1898 22 Thomas Street: Dinah Deal Street School to 23 Feb 1900
13 Jul 1899 22 Thomas Street: rebecca
11 Jun 1900 21 Block A Stepney Buildings: Dinah School previous Dean Street to 23 Jul 1900 to Jews School from smith street
16 Jul 1900 21 Block A Stepney Buildings: Kitty School to ? Previous Deal Street
20 Aug 1900 (21 A - crossed out)59 Nelson Street: Rebecca Stepney Jews School School to 27 Aug 1902
12 x1 1900  21 A Block Stepney Green Buildings: Kitty Solomons to previous School Garden street
25 Aug 1902 59 Nelson Street: Rebecca Rutland Street School to 



Hannah died on 4 January 1937. <ref name="DC1">
'''"England and Wales Death Registration Index 1837-2007"''', database, FamilySearch (https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/1:1:QVHL-G8TW : 3 November 2021),
Hannah Solomons, 1937, quarter 1, vol. 1C, p. 201, Stepney, London, England, General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref> and her burial took place on 6 January 1937 in East Ham Cemetery, Section V, Row 10, Plot # 655. <ref name="BUR1">
'''"United Synagogue find a grave"''' database with images (https://www.theus.org.uk/category/find-grave) (accessed 12 Nov 22)
citing cemetery. East Ham, first name. Hannah, last name. Solomons, year of burial. 1937
(burial. 6-Jan-1937, section. V, row. 10, plot. 655)
</ref>

== Sources ==
<references />