[[Category:Jewish Roots]]
== Biography ==
Mark was born on 19 March 1904 at 57 Wentworth Buildings, Whitechapel, London.  His father was a Tailor's Presser called Morris Schamrofsky and his mother was born Rosie Levitsky.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=9c%2Beml2g2%2FXjh0ouIun73Q&scan=1 : 1-Feb-2023),
Marks Schamrofsky, 1904, quarter 2, vol. 1c, p. 291, Whitechapel, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

He married [[Lichtenstein-152|Eva (Lichtenstein) Purchase (1907-1985)]] on 10 June 1926 by licence at the register office in Bethnal Green. He was a 22 year old bachelor working as a Hairdresser (Journeyman).  She was a 19 year old spinster occupied as a Milliner. They were both living at 45 Blythe Street, Bethnal Green at the time of their marriage.  Mark's father was a Tobacconist called Morris Chemerofsky.  Eva's father had died by this time and he had been a Tailor's Machinist called Jack Lichtenstein.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=E45S2g4z%2B0h%2FeSXhdkp6%2BA&scan=1 : 1-Feb-2023),
Mark Chemerofsky, 1926, quarter 2, district. Bethnal Green, London, vol. 1c, p. 356,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref> Their only child was [[Schemerofsky-1|Jacqueline (Schemerofsky) Callender (1928-2004)]] who was born on 7 February 1928.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index,"''' database with images, ''FreeBMD'' ( https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=KnxO6WC%2BY2Et2DKxOJKxzA&scan=1 : 09-Nov-2022),
Jacqueline Schemerofsky, Mother. Lichtenstein, 1928, quarter 1, vol. 1c, p. 205, Bethnal Green, London, England,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

The marriage didn't last long and they separated from each other, probably in 1931, but it is not yet known when they were legally divorced.<ref name="Convo JS">
Memories and notes taken whilst speaking with my mother, Jacqueline Callender over a 30 year period
</ref>

By 1936, Mark was living with Florence May Dix at 17 Huddleston Road, Tuffnell, London.<ref>
'''"London, England, Electoral Registers, 1832-1965"''' database with images, ''Ancestry'' (https://www.ancestry.co.uk/search/collections/1795/ : 1 February 2023),
Islington, Islington East and North, 1936. London Metropolitan Archives; London, England; Electoral Registers
citing 17 Huddleston Road, North Islington Division, Polling District C, 1936 (In force 15 October 1936 to 14 October 1937)
</ref>  They were married on 29 January 1941 by licence at the register office in Islington. He was a 36 year old bachelor working as a Fireman in the Auxiliary Fire Services as well as a Hairdresser.  She was a 36 year old spinster without an occupation. They were both living at 2 Tabley Road, Tuffnell Park, Islington at the time of their marriage.  Mark's father had died by this time and was named Morris Morris who had been a Tobacconist. Florence's father was a Private Chauffeur named Alfred Morton Dix.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=MTEKg1Xt4232DQxyl8k%2Bdw&scan=1 : 1-Feb-2023),
Mark Morris, 1941, quarter 1, district. Islington, London, vol. 1b, p. 413,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

Mark died on 11 March 1974 at the Royal Northern Hospital in Islington, whilst living at 2 Tabley Road. It was just 8 days before his 70th birthday.  He had retired from working as a Hairdresser. The informant on his death certificate was his brother-in-law, Raymond Howard Lloyd. Mark died from Renal Failure which means he had acute Kidney failure<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Death Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=vEV8UQu3mWn5GgmVtrxfog&scan=1 : 1-Feb-2023),
Mark Morris, Date of Birth. 19-Mar-1904, 1974, quarter. 1,, District. Islington, London Vol. 5c, Page. 1926;
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

== Sources ==
<references />