[[Category:Jewish Roots]]
== Biography ==

Abigail was born on 15 May 1887 at 15 Mitre Street, Aldgate, London.  Her father was a Fruiterer called Lewis Harris and her mother was born Rachel Jacobs.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Birth Index"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=7b7OBW2mJlkbQWrzSoH%2BjQ&scan=1 : 16-Apr-2023),
HARRIS, Abigal, 1887, Q2, in [[https://www.ukbmd.org.uk/reg/districts/london%20city.html London City]], Volume/Page: 1c/24,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

Abigail married Israel Jacobs by certificate on 25 August 1907 at the East London Synagogue. She was 20 years old without an occupation. He was a 21 year old bachelor working as a Tailors Cutter.  They were living at separate addresses at the time of their marriage, but I haven't been able to read the street names.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=5gQP2HgcwMTprI2HkCXovw&scan=1 : 16-Apr-2023),
Abigail Harris, 1907, quarter 3, district. Mile End, vol. 1c, p. 805,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>


Abigail and Israel had two children.  Israel died in 1913.

Abigail married Henry Bloomfield by certificate on 26 June 1918 at the West Ham (Associate) Synagogue. She was 31 years old without an occupation. He was a 30 year old bachelor working as a Clothiers Assistant.  They were both living at 545 Romford Road, Forest Gate at the time of their marriage.<ref>
'''"FreeBMD GRO Marriage Index,"''', database with images, ''FreeBMD'' (https://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/information.pl?cite=Qk1lLXCu8UYPxk1%2BZ%2FpF7Q&scan=1 : 16-Apr-2023),
Abigail Jacobs, 1918, quarter 2, district. W. Ham, vol. 4a, p. 701,
citing General Register Office, Southport, England.
</ref>

Abigail died on 30 January 1971 whilst living at 369 Lordship Lane, Londn N17. She was 83 years old and described as the widow of Henry Bloomfield who was a Tailor.<ref>Death source</ref>

== Sources ==
<references />